actor user sets the language when first logging into the haylingo chatbot. the system stores the origin language of the actor user and adjusts the language in the application such as the actor user's home language and sets the artificial intelligence language of the haybot feature and other target users according to the target language being studied. actor users who have entered the main page of the haylingo application will be given an option to be able to view other main features such as haybot, hayfriend, and hayword as well. actor user has seen the menu list display and the menu list displays several feature menus that can be selected and wants to see a help list that can help if the user needs certain assistance in the chatbot. actor users have seen the menu list display and the list menu displays several feature menus that can be selected, including a menu to change the language in the settings where there is a button to change the language. actor users have seen the menu list display and the list menu displays several feature menus that can be selected, including the settings menu card with buttons to view premium profiles and status. the actor user has seen the menu list display and the menu list displays several feature menus that can be selected, including the main menu which contains the haybot feature. this feature has a talkative chatbot function to be able to talk or talk to the user. the actor user enters the haybot menu and starts chatting with the haybot chatbot. actor users have seen the menu list display and the list menu displays several feature menus that can be selected, including the main menu which includes the hayfriend feature. this feature has a function to bring together actor users with other users who are studying the same language to be able to talk and/or learn to better understand certain languages according to the target language they want to learn (currently only english). the actor user has seen the menu list display and the list menu displays several feature menus that can be selected, including the main menu which contains the hayword feature. this feature has a function as a feature that can help increase vocabulary and find some unique words that were previously unknown to the user through a 'guess word' game scheme. the user actor when entering this feature is faced with a word which the user has to guess whether the word is included in a certain word setting (such as verb, noun, adjective).